Add IP option to SAN certificate (#7972)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _security/configuration/generate-certificates.md

For all host and client certificates, you should specify a subject alternative name (SAN) to ensure compliance with [RFC 2818 (HTTP Over TLS)](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2818). The SAN should match the corresponding CN so that both refer to the same DNS A record.
{: .note }

> Before generating a signed certificate, create a SAN extension file which describes the DNS A record for the host. If you're connecting to a host that only has an IP address, use `IP`:

Author: ```suggestion
Before generating a signed certificate, create a SAN extension file which describes the DNS A record for the host. If you're connecting to a host that only has an IP address, both IPv4 and IPv6, use the `IP` syntax:
```

> Before generating a signed certificate, create a SAN extension file which describes the DNS A record for the host. If you're connecting to a host that only has an IP address, both IPv4 and IPv6, use the `IP` syntax:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before generating a signed certificate, create a SAN extension file that describes the DNS A record for the host. If you're connecting to a host that only has an IP address, either IPv4 and IPv6, use the `IP` syntax:
```

> Before generating a signed certificate, create a SAN extension file that describes the DNS A record for the host. If you're connecting to a host that only has an IP address, either IPv4 and IPv6, use the `IP` syntax:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before generating a signed certificate, create a SAN extension file that describes the DNS A record for the host. If you're connecting to a host that only has an IP address, either IPv4 or IPv6, use the `IP` syntax:
```
